.\" This is a man page for the hello command.  It is intended to
.\" be a model for writting man pages.
.
.\" Written by Lucas Parker, LANL, 1/2020
.TH VATACTRL 1 "1/2/2020" "(C) Not sure what to put here." "Lucas Parker"
.
.SH NAME
vatactrl \- Control a single VATA 460.3 ASIC
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B vatactrl
.IR ASIC-NUMBER 
.RB [--set-config 
.IR CONFIG-SOURCE \|]
.RB [--get-config
.IR CONFIG-DEST \|]
.RB [--set-hold
.IR N-HOLD-CYCLES \|]
.RB [--get-hold \|]
.RB [--get-counters \|]
.RB [--reset-counters \|]
.RB [--trigger-enable \|]
.RB [--trigger-disable \|]
.RB [--get-event-count \|]
.RB [--reset-event-count \|]
.RB [--cal-pulse \|]
.RB [--set-cal-dac
.IR cal-dac \|]
.RB [--get-n-fifo \|]
.RB [--single-read-fifo \|]
.RB [--read-fifo \|]
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The
.B vatactrl
command is capable of performing a set of interactions with the VATA ASIC.
Multiple actions can be performed with a single command and 
will be performed in the order that they appear on the command line.
.TP
.IR ASIC-NUMBER
The number of the asic the commands target. Mandatory. Must be the first command line argument.
.TP
\fB\--set-config\fR \fI\,CONFIG-SOURCE\/\fR
Set the configuration register from the given
.IR CONFIG_SOURCE
file.
.TP
\fB\--get-config\fR \fI\,CONFIG-DEST\/\fR
Read the configuration file from the asic and save it to
.IR CONFIG_DEST
file.
.TP
\fB\--set-hold\fR \fI\,N-HOLD-CYCLES\/\fR
Set the hold delay to
.IR N-HOLD-CYCLES
.TP
\fB\--get-hold\fR
Read the current hold delay setting and print it to stdout.
.TP
\fB\--get-counters\fR
Read the running-time and live-time counters, and print to stdout.

.
.SH AUTHOR
Lucas Parker <lpp@lanl.gov>
.
.SH SEE ALSO
nothing-sofar(1)
